---
layout: post
title: Italy
author: 'Bobby McMaster'
date: '2018-07-19 10:07:32'
intro_paragraph: ''
categories: misc
---
## Naples
Naples is one of the busiest metropolitan cities in the country, and serves as the capital of the Campania region, located in southern Italy. Naples offers a vast array of historic sites and art works. Naples also offers a vibrant selection of restaurants, shops, and nightlife venues.

## Rome
The former capital of the Roman Empire, Rome is now the capital city of Italy. Rome is located in the country's central region of Lazio, and is a complex city that is a combination of both historic and modern architecture. Rome is best known for ancient structures as well as the Vatican City. From ancient plazas to gorgeous cathedrals and architecture, there is too much to see in Rome for you to fit it all into one trip.

## Venice
Located in northeastern Italy, Venice is a unique city that is built upon a lagoon surrounded by the Adriatic Sea. Venice is an archipelago of 118 islands all connected by hundreds of bridges and canals. Picturesque waterways and historic architecture make Venice one of the most romantic cities in the world. Although after crowded, Venice is still worth visiting to see its magnificent landmarks such as Doge's Palace, Rialto Bridge, and Saint Mark's Square.

## Pompeii
One of Italy's most popular tourist destinations, Pompeii is an ancient Roman city which is buried under several feet of volcanic ash for 1,700 years after the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius. The site is located near the city of Naples. An official tour of Pompeii offers a rare insight to the everyday life of the ancient Roman world. While there you have the opportunity to walk along the buried city's ancient streets to see the remaining brothels, baths, and bakeries. 
