---
layout: post
title: Ireland
author: Bobby McMaster
date: '2018-07-19 10:07:32'
intro_paragraph: ''
categories: misc
---
## Dublin
Dublin, the capital of Ireland, is home of more than a third of the nation's population. Many visitors mention the laid-back atmosphere in Dublin, which makes it feel less like a metropolis and more like a small town, unlike other major European cities. From historic cathedrals like St. Patrick's and Christ Church to the Guinness Storehouse and the pubs in Temple Bar, Dublin is a city that invites exploration.

## Cliffs of Moher
No visit to Ireland is complete without spending some time taking in the view from on a high cliff overlooking the Atlantic, with the Cliffs of Moher taking this experience to a unique new level. Rising nearly 700 feet from the shoreline, the cliffs attract almost one million visitors each year, making it one of the most popular tourist destinations in Ireland. Boat tours offered at the pier in Doolin also give visitors the opportunity to enjoy the cliffs from a different view.

## Ring of Kerry
Ring of Kerry, the most popular scenic drive in Ireland, the Ring is a more than 100 mile long highway that runs along the coastline of the isle's Iveragh Peninsula. Sights along the Ring include Ireland's tallest mountain, a medieval monastery, the prehistoric Staigue Fort, and several pristine lakes. Several seafront towns and resorts that have sandy beaches are also located along the route, making them side destinations when the weather is warm.
